.TH "NHibernate.Tuple.StandardProperty" 3 "Fri Jul 5 2013" "Version 1.0" "HSA.InfoSys" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NHibernate.Tuple.StandardProperty \- 
.PP
Represents a basic property within the Hibernate runtime-metamodel\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBNHibernate\&.Tuple\&.Property\fP\&.
.PP
Inherited by \fBNHibernate\&.Tuple\&.VersionProperty\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStandardProperty\fP (String name, String node, \fBIType\fP type, bool lazy, bool insertable, bool updateable, bool insertGenerated, bool updateGenerated, bool nullable, bool checkable, bool versionable, \fBCascadeStyle\fP cascadeStyle, \fBFetchMode\fP?fetchMode)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs \fBStandardProperty\fP instances\&. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsDirtyCheckable\fP (bool hasUninitializedProperties)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsDirtyCheckable\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsLazy\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsInsertable\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsUpdateable\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsInsertGenerated\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsUpdateGenerated\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsNullable\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsVersionable\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCascadeStyle\fP \fBCascadeStyle\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBFetchMode\fP \fBFetchMode\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Additional Inherited Members"
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Represents a basic property within the Hibernate runtime-metamodel\&. 

Author: Steve Ebersole 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file StandardProperty\&.cs\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "NHibernate\&.Tuple\&.StandardProperty\&.StandardProperty (Stringname, Stringnode, \fBIType\fPtype, boollazy, boolinsertable, boolupdateable, boolinsertGenerated, boolupdateGenerated, boolnullable, boolcheckable, boolversionable, \fBCascadeStyle\fPcascadeStyle, \fBFetchMode\fP?fetchMode)"

.PP
Constructs \fBStandardProperty\fP instances\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name by which the property can be referenced within its owner\&.
.br
\fInode\fP The node name to use for XML-based representation of this property\&.
.br
\fItype\fP The Hibernate \fBType\fP of this property\&.
.br
\fIlazy\fP Should this property be handled lazily?
.br
\fIinsertable\fP Is this property an insertable value?
.br
\fIupdateable\fP Is this property an updateable value?
.br
\fIinsertGenerated\fP Is this property generated in the database on insert?
.br
\fIupdateGenerated\fP Is this property generated in the database on update?
.br
\fInullable\fP Is this property a nullable value?
.br
\fIcheckable\fP Is this property a checkable value?
.br
\fIversionable\fP Is this property a versionable value?
.br
\fIcascadeStyle\fP The cascade style for this property's value\&.
.br
\fIfetchMode\fP Any fetch mode defined for this property 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file StandardProperty\&.cs\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for HSA\&.InfoSys from the source code\&.
