.TH "NHibernate.Metadata.ICollectionMetadata" 3 "Fri Jul 5 2013" "Version 1.0" "HSA.InfoSys" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NHibernate.Metadata.ICollectionMetadata \- 
.PP
Exposes collection metadata to the application  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBNHibernate\&.Persister\&.Collection\&.AbstractCollectionPersister\fP\&.
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIType\fP \fBKeyType\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe collection key type \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIType\fP \fBElementType\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe collection element type \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIType\fP \fBIndexType\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe collection index type (or null if the collection has no index) \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBHasIndex\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIs the collection indexed? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBRole\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe name of this collection role \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsArray\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIs the collection an array? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsPrimitiveArray\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIs the collection a primitive array? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsLazy\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIs the collection lazily initialized? \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Exposes collection metadata to the application 


.PP
Definition at line 8 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIType\fP NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.ElementType\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
The collection element type 
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "bool NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.HasIndex\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
Is the collection indexed? 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "\fBIType\fP NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.IndexType\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
The collection index type (or null if the collection has no index) 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "bool NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.IsArray\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
Is the collection an array? 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "bool NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.IsLazy\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
Is the collection lazily initialized? 
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "bool NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.IsPrimitiveArray\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
Is the collection a primitive array? 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "\fBIType\fP NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.KeyType\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
The collection key type 
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.
.SS "string NHibernate\&.Metadata\&.ICollectionMetadata\&.Role\fC [get]\fP"

.PP
The name of this collection role 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file ICollectionMetadata\&.cs\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for HSA\&.InfoSys from the source code\&.
