.TH "NHibernate.Tuple.VersionProperty" 3 "Fri Jul 5 2013" "Version 1.0" "HSA.InfoSys" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
NHibernate.Tuple.VersionProperty \- 
.PP
Represents a version property within the Hibernate runtime-metamodel\&.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBNHibernate\&.Tuple\&.StandardProperty\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVersionProperty\fP (string name, string node, \fBIType\fP type, bool lazy, bool insertable, bool updateable, bool insertGenerated, bool updateGenerated, bool nullable, bool checkable, bool versionable, \fBCascadeStyle\fP cascadeStyle, \fBVersionValue\fP unsavedValue)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructs \fBVersionProperty\fP instances\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVersionValue\fP \fBUnsavedValue\fP\fC [get]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Additional Inherited Members"
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Represents a version property within the Hibernate runtime-metamodel\&. 

Author: Steve Ebersole 
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file VersionProperty\&.cs\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "NHibernate\&.Tuple\&.VersionProperty\&.VersionProperty (stringname, stringnode, \fBIType\fPtype, boollazy, boolinsertable, boolupdateable, boolinsertGenerated, boolupdateGenerated, boolnullable, boolcheckable, boolversionable, \fBCascadeStyle\fPcascadeStyle, \fBVersionValue\fPunsavedValue)"

.PP
Constructs \fBVersionProperty\fP instances\&. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP The name by which the property can be referenced within its owner\&.
.br
\fInode\fP The node name to use for XML-based representation of this property\&.
.br
\fItype\fP The Hibernate \fBType\fP of this property\&.
.br
\fIlazy\fP Should this property be handled lazily?
.br
\fIinsertable\fP Is this property an insertable value?
.br
\fIupdateable\fP Is this property an updateable value?
.br
\fIinsertGenerated\fP Is this property generated in the database on insert?
.br
\fIupdateGenerated\fP Is this property generated in the database on update?
.br
\fInullable\fP Is this property a nullable value?
.br
\fIcheckable\fP Is this property a checkable value?
.br
\fIversionable\fP Is this property a versionable value?
.br
\fIcascadeStyle\fP The cascade style for this property's value\&.
.br
\fIunsavedValue\fP The value which, if found as the value of this (i\&.e\&., the version) property, represents new (i\&.e\&., un-saved) instances of the owning entity\&.
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 38 of file VersionProperty\&.cs\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for HSA\&.InfoSys from the source code\&.
